Update Community-Meetings.md with Guidelines for presenting (#3460)
linkml/linkml: docs/get-involved/Community-Meetings.md

## Organizers
| Name | Affiliation |
| -- | -- |
|[Sarah Gehrke](https://tislab.org/members/sarah-gehrke.html)| University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill|
|[Kevin Schaper](https://tislab.org/members/kevin-schaper.html)| University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill|
|[Corey Cox](https://tislab.org/members/corey-cox.html)| University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill|
|[Sierra Moxon](https://berkeleybop.org/people/sierra-moxon/)| Lawernce Berkeley National Laboratory|

## Guidelines for presenting at a Community meeting

> - All presenters, whether from academia, non-profit, or industry, share our **Open Science philosophy**. At a minimum, this means all LinkML code shown during a Community Call must be openly accessible for anyone to view e.g. in a public repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All presenters, whether from academia, non-profit, or industry, share our **Open Science philosophy**. At a minimum, this means all LinkML models and documentation shown during a Community Call must be openly accessible for anyone to view e.g. in a public repository.
```
